Change meaning of submissions/<verdict> directories (#158)
Kattis/problem-package-format: spec/2023-07-draft.md

| ------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | -------
| accepted                                          | Accepted as a correct solution for all test files                                                                  | At least one is required.
| <span class="not-icpc"> partially_accepted</span> | <span class="not-icpc"> Overall verdict must be Accepted. Overall score must be less than `max_score`.</span>      | <span class="not-icpc"> Must not be used for pass-fail problems.</span>
| wrong_answer                                      | Wrong answer for some test file. May be too slow or crash for other test files.                                    |
| time_limit_exceeded                               | Too slow relative to the safety margin for some test file. May output wrong answers or crash for other test files. |
| run_time_error                                    | Crashes for some test file. May output wrong answers or be too slow for other test files.                          | Very rarely useful.

> | rejected                                          | Is not accepted for any reason in the final verdict.                                                               |

Reviewer: Why did you not write this similar to the other? I.e. 
```suggestion
| rejected                                          | Is rejected (i.e. not accepted, for any reason) for some test file.                                                               |
```

Author: This does not have the desired effect for scoring problems, right? We want rejected to mean that it wasn't accepted in the end.
